[Music]
the last really small iPhone that Apple
made was the iPhone se it's a three year
old device at this point so it's a
little bit dated but it's still a very
popular device mostly because of its
size it's also relatively inexpensive at
this point but it still runs the latest
version of iOS it's still a great phone
for what it's meant to be but people
have been wanting a small or the updated
small iPhone for a while because if you
want any of the new kind of user
interface iPhones with face ID and stuff
you need to get one of the bigger phones
but there have been reports recently
from Apple analyst Ming Chi quo of a new
upcoming small iPhone so as we smaller
than iPhone 10 and 10s but not as small
as the iPhone se and supposed to be
rocking a 5.4 inch screen so the regular
iPhone 10 right now has a 5.8 inch
screen this supposed to be a little bit
smaller and a 5.4 inch OLED screen that
retains the same aspect ratio as their
existing current devices would fit
actually quite well into their existing
or like the old iPhone 6 to I phone 8
chassis design so this kind of more
traditional chassis design this actually
houses that screen size really well it's
not as small as like the iPhone se we've
seen a bunch of renders pop up on the
Internet of the iPhone se 2 which would
look awesome but a 5.5 screen won't fit
on to the size physically like the
biggest thing you get on this is maybe
five inches but the classic iPhone 6 to
I phone a chassis can hold a 5 point 4
inch screen just right now this screen
is also supposed to have a punch hole
camera so instead of the notch that
we've seen on the iPhone 10 I from 10 R
and 10's these new phones are supposed
to have a punch hole camera system up
front now this type of technology isn't
new right when we look at the kind of
existing phone lineup we have on the
market today
if you look for a smaller phone with an
OLED panel with thin bezels all round
and a punch hole camera the Samsung
Galaxy S 10 e fits that ticket this is
one of my favorite phones of the year
it's super comfortable to hold in my
hand and as much as I liked the s10 and
s 10 plus I'm a huge fan of smaller
phones that fit comfortably in one hand
for one-hand usage and to hear that
Apple is considering making a small
phone again for people without huge
hands it's nice to hear Ming Chico also
mentions other sizes for these iPhones
there's that really small one
similar size one to the iPhone ten are
in terms of screen size and also an even
larger plus size so right now the iPhone
10 plus is a 6.5 inch screen these new
ones are supposed to have a six point
seven inch screen just little bit bigger
but a completely new design to house
that larger screen the other
characteristic that's cool about these
three phones is that they're supposed to
be finally running USBC it's kind of
crazy we've lasted this long running
lightning ports on these iPhones so it's
about time
now the unfortunate thing despite all
this cool information about these new
phones is that these phones are supposed
to be coming next year not the ones
coming out in a few months but in 2020
so according to quote we're seeing stuff
like 5g technologies new designs bigger
screens and smaller screens but just a
completely redesigned to the iPhone see
the 2019 iPhone allow that's coming out
in a few months that's been leaked like
crazy and from the images we've seen
it's not a huge step up from the current
generation of iPhone it's got a triple
camera system maybe some bigger
batteries but the overall design and
usability of the 2019 iPhones remains
quite unchanged with the 20/20 ones with
a new size and 5g technology that's a
pretty significant change in just what
the iPhone is so if you're someone who
appreciates a smaller iPhone or you want
to upgrade your iPhone se or if you just
want a smaller iPhone I wouldn't get the
2019 models I would totally wait for the
2020 because that 5.4 inch screen looks
pretty promising okay hope you guys
enjoy this video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time